1. Civi infrastructure including bridges, dams, and skyscapers are becoming susceptible to losing their designed functions as they 
deteriorate from use. Onsite inspections still require closing bridge systems or building structures to diagnose them, which is time
consuming and costly. 

2. A number of vison-based methods for detecting damages, primarily using image processing techniques, have been propsed to redeem 
the complexities. One significant advantage of IPTs is that almost all superficial defects are likely identifiable. An early 
comparative study on finding concrete cracks using four edge detection methods - fast Haar tranform, fast Fourier transform, Sobel 
edge detector and Canny edge detector were conducted and it was found that the fast haar tranform performed the best. However, 
edge detecion is an ill-posed problem, as the resutls are substantially affected by the noise created, mainly from lighting and distorion. 
One effective method for overcoming these issues is denoising techniques. However, such methods used prior knowledge are thus not suitable 
for real applicaions.

3. Machine learning is a more possible solution for real-world situation. This method first collect signals form nondestuctive testing 
and evaluate whether or not the collected signals indicate defects. Many types of artificial neural networks (ANN), including the 
probabilistic neural network have been developed and adapted to research and industrial fields, but concolutional neural networks (CNN
have beens highlighted in image recognition. 

4. CNN can effectively capture the grid-like topology of images, unlike the standard NNs and they require fewer computations due to the 
sparsely connected neurons and the pooling process. Moreover, CNNs are capable of differentiating a large number of classes. These aspects
make CNNs an efficient image recognitio method. The previous issue of CNNs was the need for a vast amount of labeled data, which came 
with a high-computational cost, but this issue was overcome through the use of well-annotated databases (ImageNet, CIFAR-10, CIFAR-100, MNIST)
and parallel computations using graphic processing units.






